apps vs project.
to cerate project you have to give command django-admin startproject name of the project.
abd it is a first step when you create a django project before app you create a project.
now to createc app you have to give command python manage.py startapp name of app


now app is a pluggable web application or nthing.one project may hAVE MANY APPS AND IN MANY PROJECTS MAY HAVE ONLY ONE APP.



###first of all our server comes to check in urls.py of project and then after depend upon path given in it it further response
no suppose that you have created an app and in it you made a function index and then you have to first implement it in apps urls.py
after this all at last you have to create an urls.py in main pproject and import include function in it.adn then you habe totll tat here 
form which apps you want to consider.
so simply type inclue('nameofapp') and server autmatically goest to your this app and then from apps urls.py it 
goes furthr to viesw.py and simply print.

NOTE--->
#models.py#so our apps which present in our settings.py in project. they uses one table for storing data.so they use one table of database.
so if we start our project with cmmand python manage.py runserver then it gives us warning that you hav 15 unapplied migrations.
so it want to tell us that te tables which we need to make this project we did;nt make yet.so plz issue cmd by which tables formeed.
so cmmnd is--->python manage.py migrate###it meaans that how much tables need by app so form the tables.we teell it to django that made tales.
so after that we made database and table in odels.py.
now we give a command that is python mamange.py makemigrations-->which stores the migration.which stored in file named 001_initial.py
so it teels that change is occured but not write this in database just is store in migrations.here change is product table is aded.
which we have to with this table that ork is later.
now we want thart storred migrations will to apply.so we give cmd-->python manage.py migrate
means which migrations we made stored them in database.
now it means that sqllite table is writed.
simplyy we can say that te make migratons comman create the migration file in particular app or project and futher by  migrate command
the files which are in migrations file actually migrate into database.
so how we check that it is write how to test tit?
so we test it by admin panel.
so first when you open the admin super user panel then there you on;t see your table producyt nwhich you created.
<i class="fa-solid fa-badge-check"></i>